Who turned on the air conditioner so low?
Strange why the air conditioner is turned on so low here
National strength
Fighting Tournament qualifiers are about to start
Don't catch a cold
Take some medicine if the game isn't over tomorrow
There will be trouble
Take this medicine
You will be ruined
Coach Liu
Why are you doing this to me?
It was my fault before
I've made you suffer a lot
But this fight is Marseille
You are competing on behalf of our fight hall
I'm still optimistic about you
You know
I'm the head coach of our Bogie Hall
You just have to put on a show
Then there must be light on my face.
Right? Thank you.
Cold medicine is still affordable
Report, are you bothered?